A clutch of marine fossil specimens unearthed in northern Portugal that lived between 470 and 459 million years ago is filling a gap in understanding evolution during the Middle Ordovician period.
Poisonous heavy metals contaminating thousands of sites nationwide threaten to enter the food chain, and there's been no easy way to remove them. An experimental chemical bath and electrochemical filter could now extract heavy metals from the soil and leave f
Astronomers have released images of a nascent two-planet system being formed around a young star, a bit smaller than the Sun. It's the first time a duo of planets orbiting the same star have been spotted while still in the making.
AN ASTEROID hurtling through space at speeds exceeding 13,800mph (22,200kph) will near-miss the Earth later today, NASA's asteroid trackers have revealed.
Astronomers eager to observe bizarre visitors to our neck of the Solar System were in for a real treat late last month as the rare double asteroid 1999 KW4 made a close pass of Earth 
Animals first developed fever as a response to infections: the higher body temperatures primed their immune systems. At the time, 600 million years ago, virtually all animal species were cold-blooded. They had to spend long periods of time in warm areas of th
Found: Schrdingers cat, alive and well.
A new form of magnetic interaction which pushes a formerly two-dimensional phenomenon into the third dimension could open up a host of exciting new possibilities for data storage and advanced computing, scientists say.
Researchers have harnessed superconductivity to conceive of a quantum refrigerator that could cool atoms to nearly absolute zero temperatures.
Scientific research usually takes months to be published by academic journals, and once it is, many of the papers can only be read by scientists from wealthy institutes that subscribe to the journals. Over the years, there have been various attempts to make r
In space, no one can hear you ask for directions.
Fostoria dhimbangunmal was a plant-eating dinosaur likely around during the mid-Cretaceous period, around one hundred million years ago.
A BLACK HOLE synthesised by scientists has confirmed Professor Stephen Hawkings theory, it has been announced.
The survival and fitness of multicellular organisms is tightly associated with their capacity to renew their tissues. This is particularly important for tissues that are permanently exposed to and challenged by the external environment, such as the epithelium
Last year scientific circles were abuzz with reports of a galaxy that was claimed to have no dark matter in it. Current theories hold that dark matter is fundamental in causing the collapse of gas 
The British Journal of Anaesthesias unusual experiment is designed to broaden replicability efforts beyond just methods and results.
Computer simulations were run to calculate whether a moon orbiting outside the ring system of J1407b caused gaps. It was found they were unli
Powerful telescope may yield clues
Researchers have developed an innovative way to print therapeutics in 3D for regenerative medicine.
Multiple interactions found in postulated network of faults in the Brawley seismic zone in southern California.
By adding one more layer of atoms to already infinitesimally small semiconductors, a next-level generation of electrical devices becomes possible. This work to build better and faster electronics is well underway, but little was known about how to test the in
In the 21st century, millions of people got to see, photograph and film a total solar eclipse. With technology so advanced and widely available, in recent years we got to see photos and footage shot
Researchers from Rice University in the US created a flexible material that can harvest energy from body movements to power wearable devices and sensors.
A Concordia biology professor is calling on ant experts to develop a set of common principles that influence the way the insects respond when their habitat undergoes severe disruption.
A new study published this morning in Nature found that a closed-loop digital meditation platform, dubbed MediTrain, helped improve and sustain young adults' attention spans.
DINOSAURS were covered in feathers at least 100 million years before the first birds took flight, archaeologists at Bristol University has spectacularly announced.
These exploding stars are about eight billion light years away from Earth!
MONTREAL  With the long-awaited launch of Canada's next generation of Earth-observation satellites scheduled for next week, authorities at the Canadian Space Agency are excited about what the RADARSAT Constellation will soon able to provide for Cana
Nematic liquid crystals can be oriented in a curious way termed the 'dowser texture', which is sensitive to external conditions. Physicists have now published an article that shows that the dowser texture responds to electric fields in different ways in diffe
A new experiment will attempt to explain the strange flashes that appear on the Moons surface.
One of the problems with the majority of robots today is that they can come across feeling cold. This is due to the use of materials, where robots are generally made out of metal. It makes sense to do so, as metal is durable which means that these robots ar
When NASA launched the Curiosity rover to Mars in 2011, it tasked the little bot with capturing everything it could about the red planet. Now, amidst drilling for samples and the like, the rover has also been enjoying the view, snapping photos of the clouds o
As foxes and coyotes adapt to urban landscapes, the potential for encounters with humans necessarily goes up. A team of scientists is taking advantage of this fact to enlist the eyeballs and fingertips of humansgetting them to report online what they see in 
An international team of astronomers reports the detection of gamma-ray pulsations from the millisecond pulsar (MSP) known as PSR J09520607. The finding, available in a paper published May 27 on arXiv.org, sheds more light on the properties of this pulsar an
Some cats showed a more relaxed behavior outdoors when a human was nearby than when on their own.
One key question in evolutionary biology is how novel genes arise and develop. Swedish researchers now show how new genes and functions that are advantageous to bacteria can be selected from random DNA sequences. The results are presented in the scientific jo
We've learned bees can understand zero and do basic math, and now a new study shows their tiny insect brains may be capable of connecting symbols to numbers.
Institutions, science funders, data repositories, publishers, researchers and scientific societies from all scientific disciplines must work together to ensure all scientific data are easy to find, access and use, according to a new commentary in Nature by me
A new study of Patagonia's ice fields finds that many glaciers in the region are much thicker than previously thought.
Swiss researchers have shed light on the whys behind the rapid decline of the honey bee with a study focused on the combined effect of two key ...
Computer simulations were run to calculate whether a moon orbiting outside the ring system of J1407b caused gaps. 
The faster-than-light travel in Star Wars involves some otherworldly acceleration. Here's how to calculate the g-forces of a hyperspace jump.
Researchers have developed a new chemical separation method that is vastly more efficient than conventional processes, opening the door to faster discovery of new elements, easier nuclear fuel reprocessing, and, most tantalizing, a better way to attain actini
Prized worldwide for its high-quality wood and rich flavor of delicious nuts, the Persian walnut (Juglans regia) is an important economic crop. Using genomic data analyzed with phylogenetic and population genetic approaches, researchers have now cracked this 
Two researchers at Universit de Sherbrooke, in Canada, have recently developed and trained neural belief-propagation (BP) decoders for quantum low-density parity-check (LDPC) codes. Their study, outlined in a paper published in Physical Review Letters, sugge
Palm Beach Photographic Centre (PBPC), today invited the public to two FREE events around the opening of its next major exhibition
An international study led by the Monash School of Physics and Astronomy has discovered the first observational evidence for the existence of circumplanetary discs.
A new study demonstrates that the ears of bats come with a 'built-in ambulance' that creates the same physical effect as the sound of an ambulance passing by. Researchers think the study of ear-generated Doppler shifts in bat biosonar could give rise to new s
Astronomers using the Multi Unit Spectroscopic Explorer (MUSE) spectrograph on ESOs Very Large Telescope have directly imaged two still-forming gas giants -- one of which was previously unknown to scientists -- that are gravitationally carving out a large ga
The Ultraviolet Imaging Telescope onboard Indias space observatory, AstroSat, has provided an insight into processes at work in the heart of a jellyfish galaxy.Researchers who studied anatomy of a je
When the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) offered the public an opportunity to send their names to the Red Planet with its Mars 2020 rover, more than 5.8 million people signed up in just one week.
It's one of the greatest and longest-running mysteries surrounding, quite literally, our sun: Why is its outer atmosphere hotter than its fiery surface?
The famous cat-in-a-box thought experiment by Austrian physicist Erwin Schrdinger is an illustration of one of the defining characteristics of quantum mechanics - the unpredictable behaviour of particles at the quantum level.
Children who tend to attribute hostile motives to other people are more likely to display aggression, however, the strength of this relationship varies. A new meta-analysis sought to determine the relation between attributing hostile intent and aggressive beh
Jonathon McPhetres, a newly minted Ph.D. in psychology from the University of Rochester, admits he's "personally amazed" what we can do with genes, specifically genetically modified foodsuch as saving papayas from extinction.
After spending a year and a half on the International Space Station, Hewlett Packard Enterprises experimental space supercomputer is now back on Earth  and the company is poised to do an autopsy on the machine. Ultimately, HPE wants to know just how much we
3-D printers can be used to make a variety of useful objects by building up a shape, layer by layer. Scientists have used this same technique to "bioprint" living tissues, including muscle and bone.
Would you eat lab-grown insect meat?
There was a time when life on Earth almost blinked out. The &quot;Great Dying,&quot; the biggest extinction the planet has ever seen, happened some 250
On April 9, NASA announced Artemis, the new program to return humans to the moon to stay, by 2024. Artemis includes many important firsts, including the first exploration of the only known source of water on the moon, at the lunar south pole.
To certain people, mingling at a party or talking to a crowded room is the stuff of nightmares. Why are some of us hardwired to be shy?
Elon Musk's plan to bring broadband to rural parts of the globe could come with unintended side effects, the scientists say.
Light is an exceptional external stimulus for establishing precise control over the properties and functions of chemical and biological systems, which is
Researchers have unearthed some deliberatelysharpened toolsthat date from over 2.5 million years ago. These artifacts are changing our understanding of theinventionof tools and showing that our ancestors may have used a variety of basictechnologies.
The NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope has captured an amazing new photo of the barred spiral galaxy NGC 7773.
The IPO of Penna Cement comprises fresh issue of up to Rs 1,300 crore and an offer for sale of up to Rs 250 crore by the company's promoter, PR Cement Holdings Limited.
LOS ANGELES: YouTube is taking additional steps to restrict the possibility that children will be targeted by predators on the video platform - including banning young children from live-streaming without adult supervision.
The reaction to key technical levels at $1332.60 to $1335.70 may be indicating the presence of sellers. More importantly, September 10-Treasury Notes did not make a new high overnight and are currently trading lower. Stocks are edging higher also after postin
Global brokerage house, CLSA sees limited impact from revision in credit ratings by Fitch to below investment grade
Since Ola and Uber cut down the driver incentives by 40%, their supply of drivers went down a chunk and hence the growth rates slowed down by 80%
YES Bank, NTPC, Vedanta, Axis Bank and Coal India were among the main leaders.
Higher gold imports by India, the world's second-biggest consumer of the precious metal, could support global prices that are trading near their highest level in three months.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 per cent and 99.5 per cent purity surged by Rs 175 each to Rs 33,370 per 10 grams and Rs 33,200 per 10 grams, respectively.
The startup will induct 70 Mahindra eVerito sedans in the first phase, across Delhi NCR including Gurugram, Noida, Greater Noida, Ghaziabad and Faridabad.
<p>Kia Motors has ventured back into the large three-row SUV segment with the Telluride.</p>
Dewan Housing Finance Ltd (DHFL) has missed its interest payment deadline of 4 June 2019 on a set of outstanding bonds owing to fund shortage but may pay the over Rs1,000 crore over next seven days, say media reports. The non-banking finance company (NBFC) ha
Tata Sky subscribers would get a 30 days free trial for Tata Sky Binge.According to a Tata Sky spokesperson, the company is in talks with some other video streaming services to bring them on Tata Sky Binge platform
The aircraft was grounded to take care of an issue that required maintenance.Vistaras first Boeing aircraft was grounded within a day of joining the fleet
Govt, RBI must aim to grow volumes by a factor of 10 in 3 years, says panel.The Nilekani panel has pushed for the removal of all charges on digital payment
Looking forward, the bank is well-positioned on the back of strong business growth, capital and liquidity, and the ability to charge spreads to be in leadership positions.
Lucknow, 4th June, 2019: Sahara India Pariwar, one of the biggest Indian business conglomerates, announces its foray into the automobile sector, under the brand name, Sahara Evols. The business venture will cater Indias largest range of Electric Vehicles (
MG Motor India has made an investment of Rs 150 crore and has inaugurated its new corporate headquarters in Gurugram. - Overdrive
Twenty-eight-year-old Chinese blockchain entrepreneur Justin Sun bid a record 4.57 million U.S. dollars to have lunch with billionaire investor Warren Buffett.
BMW Group partnered with Lufthansa Cargo to create a promotional video highlighting electric MINI in an unusual manner With the electric vehicle game in the full swing, every manufacturer wants to pitch themselves as the green manufacturer. BMW Group's Mini w
Zomato has claimed to have online ordering operations over 300 cities in India. Just a few weeks ago, it had crossed 200 cities mark.
But, there seems to be some resistance from telecom companies. Airtel, for example, may sit out the auctions if the base price doesnt come down.
The offer targets  to reduce net debts.
Though there is a strong case for an aggressive 50 basis points cut in policy rates, the RBI is likely to take a more measured decision to cut rates by 25 basis points.
In a bid to be more inclusive of the LGBTQ+ community of India, Tinder will now allow users to select their sexual orientation on the app, and even display it on their profile.
This is because production has started exclusively to meet demand by the Indian army. The Indian Army is yet to find a suitable replacement to the original mountain goat in India's car world - the Maruti Gypsy. The army requested the government to relax rules
Last month, Zambian government seized control of KCM, one of Africa's biggest copper producers saying it had breached environmental and financial regulations.
HMIL which recently stepped into the compact SUV segment with Venue is already running its Chennai plant at 100 percent capacity.
Computer science students getting ready to enter the workforce see several video game publishers and big-name tech firms as ideal employers.
From a technical perspective, WTI prices could consolidate inside $55.32 to $52.70 this week and Brent inside $62.92 to $60.32. If they can accomplish this then a support base will form and we can say with confidence that the worst of the selling is over.
Salesforce Q1 earnings and revenue beat analyst estimates, while raised full-year guidance exceeded Wall Street targets. Salesforce stock rose late Tuesday.
Google Pay has dethroned its arch-rivals Paytm and PhonePe to become the largest contributor of NPCI-owned unified payment railroad.
RBI also introduced the concept of 'economic interdependence' criteria in definition of connected counterparties.The central bank said that banks need to take into account their direct and indirect exposure to an underlying asset while calculating total expos
A wide set of analysts expect the RBI to cut rates by 0.25 per cent at June 6 review, primarily to address worries on growth, which has dipped to a 5-year-low of 5.8 per cent for the March quarter.
A day after the government announced its intention to hold spectrum auctions in the current year, industry body COAI said that the recommended base price of 5G radiowaves is nearly 30-40 per cent higher than the rates in markets like South Korea and the US.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday barred auditing firm S.R. Batliboi & Company from handing audits in commercial banks for a period of one-year starting April 1, 2019.
The new EcoSport line-up will be available at a price range of Rs 7.69 lakh to Rs 11.33 lakh in both petrol and diesel engine options.
Jet shut operations in April 17 leaving over 14,000 employees in lurch
A significant monetary stimulus may be required given the ongoing consumption slowdown.The rise in manufacturing activity was aided by new orders
At the end of March, Nokia had 30 commercial 5G contracts signed with various operators. Two months ago Huawei was still in a game and to have the score of 30 deals is a big success.
The proposed pipeline would be implemented by a JV. IOC will have 50 per cent share in the JV with HPCL and BPCL having 25 per cent share each
The Rs 1 lakh figure is not an exact increment that Mahindra would charge, but it says that would be a price premium that buyers would accept for a BS6 diesel engine Sub-4m diesel SUVs may command a premium of up to Rs 80,000. Bigger SUVs may require you to s
Toyota will offer a better warranty package with the Glanza than its counterpart, Maruti, does with the Baleno Based on the Baleno, the Glanza will be the first car to come out of the Toyota-Suzuki agreement. It will only be available with a couple of 1.2-lit
Independent Facebook investors voted overwhelmingly to fire Mark Zuckerberg as chairman and scrap the firms share structure.
On June 4, the Sensex ended 184.08 points lower at 40,083.54, while the Nifty shed 66.80 points to close at 12,021.70
The row has its origins a regulatory diktat that had decreed paring promoter's holding in the bank.
Thirty five audit firms of IL&FS, ITNL are under scrutiny of SFIO, may be served notices soon.
Dr. Reddys Laboratories Ltd. (BSE: 500124) (NSE: DRREDDY) (NYSE: RDY) (along with its subsidiaries together referred to as Dr. Reddys) today annou
After preliminary talks over the last week, Renault directors are set to meet on June 4 and decide whether to enter into formal discussions, which most observers expect it to do.
It will take years of development, though.
The govt has decided to come out with the preliminary information memorandum (PIM) inviting expression of interest (EoI) by the first week of July
The Maruti Suzuki Baleno is also the countrys first BSVI compliant premium hatchback.
SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir withdrew more than Rs 800 crore in last four days from Jammu and Kashmir Bank alone, informed sources told Kashmir Life. They said that almost seventy per cent of these transactions took place across the ATM networks in Kashmir alo
None of the observations are repetitive and are more procedural in nature, Aurobindo Pharma said.
Technical factors could determine the direction of the market on Tuesday. For WTI oil, the direction of the market is likely to be determined by trader reaction to $52.70. The key level to watch for Brent crude oil is $60.32.
Investment figures, manufacturing weaker than expected
GIC and ADIA have invested $1.55 billion till date in Greenko Group.Greenko Group planning to set up Indias first large integrated clean energy storage project
Today, USD-INR pair is expected to quote in the range of 69.05 and 69.60, says Motilal Oswal.
Delhi-based student Palash Taneja got the chance to meet Apple CEO Tim Cook in San Jose.Taneja's question had the floor burst into laughter
The award would be conferred upon Sundar Pichai, and Friedman during the next week's 'India Ideas Summit'.With companies like Google and Nasdaq at the forefront, bilateral trade in goods and services has grown by nearly 150%
Forecast of a normal monsoon and extension of PM Kisan scheme likely to boost rural income, say cos.
The central bank wants all the new players who have got licences in the last 3-4 years to stabilise, and see how they are progressing
Bajaj Auto Limited has posted positive motorcycle sales for May 2019 with a total of 3.65 lakh units sold.
South Korean brands Samsung in the mobile phone category and LG for television took the fifth and the sixth positions, respectively
White House Antitrust Subcommittee Chairman David N. Cicilline announced a bipartisan investigation into tech companies, including Google.
A raccoon has tested positive for rabies in a Palm Beach County community, health officials say. According to the Florida Department of Health, Animal Care a...
After the Camp Fire in 2018, and a particularly wet winter season, the Butte County Mosquito and Vector Control District sought approval for a grant to combat the public health threat of mosquitoes in the Camp Fire burn scar areas. On Monday, the Butte Strong
A terrifying diagnosis turned into a scene from a horror movie when a woman's brain tumor turned out to actually be a parasite. Rachel Palma of Middletown, N...
The study, conducted by teams from University of Maryland, US, & Burkina Faso's IRSS, spells hope for medics battling malaria.
Racial discrimination raises risks of disease among African Americans: Study.
Health officials said a Knox County inmate infected with hepatitis a worked in the jail kitchen at the city-county building.
New Delhi, Jun 03 (ANI): It turns out, spending an hour a day outside in the sun reduces children's risk of inflammatory bowel disease. More than 800,000 peo...
A new version of diet - satiating diet - is making news these days for its positive approach towards weight loss.
Alzheimers  is  difficult to diagnose. Most people who present with memory issues dont get access to a definitive diagnosis.
You're sitting an exam, and just can't recall the answer you know is in your brain somewhere. A new study suggests that a quick zap to a region in your prefrontal cortex might help you find the missing memory.
Significant advances have been made in understanding, treatment, and prevention of HIV/AIDS globally, Tripathi said.
New research on two people born with extra fingers has shown how the brain adapts to the workload imposed by more digits.
consuming red meat and white meat, like poultry, have equal effects on blood cholesterol levels.
JGI/Tom Grill/Getty ImagesDepression is on the rise among millennials.Nearly half of millennials have been diagnosed with major depression, but one in five
The RELAXaHEAD app, developed by researchers from the New York University in the US, guides
The radiofrequency admitted during the study is safe and lower than those radiated from a mobile phone.
Patients receiving a blood transfusion during liver cancer surgery are at increased risk of cancer recurrence and death, according to a recent study presented at theEuroanaesthesia congress to be held inVienna, Austria from June 1-3, 2019.
The study, published in Australian Prescriber journal, revealed that the risk of fracturing a hip was significant
Kenny Choi reports on norovirus being suspected in recent illnesses at Nordstrom Elementary in Morgan Hill (6-4-2019)
A study conducted in University of California, Berkeley, found that people having two mutated copies of the gene had a significantly higher death rate between ages 41 and 78.
A worker at a West Palm Beach restaurant has tested positive for hepatitis A, health officials confirm. According to the Florida Department of Health, a food...
Here we tell you how you can prevent antimicrobial resistance from your end.
In a study published in the journal Nature Medicine on Monday, scientists found that people who have two copies of a so-called "Delta 32" mutation of CCR5 - which protects against HIV infection in some people - also have a significantly higher risk of prematu
You are likely to be deficient in nutrients if a majority of you diet includes junk foods, processed and packaged foods. Read here to know some of the most common nutritional deficiencies and what you can do about them.
The life and legacy of Dr. Henry Lynch covers the wall in a special tribute to the man who changed the medical landscape of cancer. It depicts a life dedicat...
A group of supporters showed solidarity on Tuesday for a West Palm Beach restaurant where a former worker recently tested positive for hepatitis A.
When someone goes into cardiac distress, Cardiopulmonary resuscitation or CPR could save their life. The problem is, women who suffer a cardiac attack in public are 27 percent less likely to receive CPR than men. And the reason why is so simple its almost st
Health officials in Ohio say 10 people have now been diagnosed with Legionnaires' disease amid an outbreak at a recently opened hospital near Columbus. Franklin County's health department said Tuesday that's up from seven. One of those patients died Sunday. M
According to a new scientific statement published in the journal Circulation, effective antiretroviral therapy has changed HIV from a progressive, fatal disease to a chronic, manageable condition that increases the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Washington DC [USA], Jun 3 (ANI): A specific molecule produced by the body can fight against superbugs -  a common term used today to describe strains of bacteria that are resistant to the majority of antibiotics- a new study has found.
... with an Innovative UK-First Treatment from GenesisCare Theranostics: New Hope for Late Stage Prostate Cancer Patients with an Innovative UK-First Treatme...
The CDC warns that the number of cases involving mosquitoes and ticks has more than tripled since 2004, John Lauritsen reports (1:50). WCCO 4 News At 10  Ju...
Thanks to a team of researchers from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and the University of Massachusetts Amherst, scientists are able to read patterns on long chains of molecules to understand and predict behavior of disordered strands of prote
news, sports, opinion, entertainment, business, lifestyle, milestones, obituaries and weather for Fargo, ND
How the spread of the virus can be limited
A new study has found respite for individuals prone to emotion-triggered atrial fibrillation (AF). It shows that psychological stress, anger in individuals with AF can be blocked by beta blockers.Beta blockers are a class of medicines that block the
New drug shows increased survival rate in young women with breast cancer.The drug works by inhibiting the activity of cancer-cell promoting enzymes.
Drinking coffee, even up to 25 cups a day, is not as bad for arteries and heart as previously thought
A satisfying sex life results in overall emotional, physical, and mental well-being of a couple. And, low libido or lack of sex drive is one of the biggest hindrances in getting satisfied in bed. Although it commonly affects older couples, age is not the only
Thousands of gravely ill cancer patients each year seek "compassionate use" access to treatments that are not yet on the market, but have shown some promise ...
clean eating, clean diet, eating disorder, risks of clean diet, healthy diet, drawbacks of dieting, problems caused by clean diet
Legionella-related death reported at Mount Carmel Grove City
Rocky Mountain spotted fever can be deadly, but if it's correctly diagnosed, it can be treated with antibiotics.
The world's second-biggest outbreak has killed 1,346 people since it was detected in August last year. It is the first time Ebola has struck in a conflict zone and the World Health Organization (WHO) has said the outbreak is unlikely to be contained unless vi
New study has shown that a higher body fat mass increases the mortality in heart bypass surgery patients by over four times, while body mass index (BMI) by itself was not associated with the increase in deaths.The study is being presented at the
Rockland County authorities are mandating that all children and staff have measles vaccinations before going to summer camp.
Sleep deprivation may lead to high blood pressure, finds a new study.This elevation in blood pressure (BP) may continue the next day as well.The study is going to be published in the journalPsychosomatic Medicine.
A combination of various nutrients, found in walnuts, fuels the body with sufficient nourishment and keeps hunger pangs away.
Migraine sufferers who used a smartphone-based relaxation technique at least twice a week experienced fewer headache days per month, a study has found.
In what ways does climate impact our digestion? Experts share ways to avoid food-related seasonal sickness.
New York, June 2 : Kids who grow up in poverty and face adverse experiences are at a greater risk of suffering from mental health disorders such as depression and anxiety, warn researchers.
Scientists have developed a smartphone app that can help improve pain control
Fluorescence microscopy is a method for studying living tissue that relies on induced luminescence.
A virus killed more than 50 cats at the San Marcos Regional Animal Shelter over the weekend. Full story: https://www.kvue.com/article/news/local/san-marcos-s...
Washington DC [USA], Jun 4 (ANI): A team of Norwegian scientists have discovered a connection between gum disease and Alzheimer's disease.
Press release - Coherent Market Insights - Bone Cancer Treatment Market Favourable Growth Confirmed Due To Increasing Disease Incidence and Key Players To Capitalize On The Opportunity Pfizer, Inc., Amgen Inc., Actavis Plc, Novartis International Ag, Debiopha
Eating a cup of blueberries daily reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) by up to 15 per cent, according to a study. The findings, published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, suggest that blueberries and other berries should be included
Days after Caillin Heron got her degree from the University of Florida, she found out she also got the mumps. https://on.wtsp.com/2MsObE6
A lot of people believe that contraception methods like douching (washing the vagina) and pulling out (also known
The Alzheimers Association of Western New York wants you to know that June is Alzheimers and Brain Awareness Month. Andrea Cook, the support groups manager...
In the last couple of months, our social media feeds have exploded with what appears to be a new diet fad  Intermittent Fasting or IF as its proponents shorten it to. What exactly is Intermittent Fasting and is it just a fad or is there some merit to this s
Cervical cancer or cancer of the uterine cervix is caused by abnormal growth of cells at cervix, which can spread to other parts of the body.Researchers at the Noida-based ICMR-National Institute of C
The use of antihypertensive drugs -- drugs used to decrease blood pressure (BP) -- may also decrease dementia risk, suggests a recent study published in theJournal of Alzheimer's Disease.
Washington DC [USA], Jun 4 (ANI): "Clean eating" is perceived as highly positive by young people but this optimistic impression of "clean diet" may signal a risk for eating disorders, researchers have claimed.
Elderly people who take anti-depressants or opioids are more than twice as likely to suffer a fractured hip after a fall, a new study has found.
Staphylococcus aureus (SA) is a bacterium that can be found in the nose and the skin of healthy individuals.
MSU physicians have found that vitamin D, if taken for at least three years, could help cancer patients live longer.
A trip to an intensive care unit can be more than twice as costly as a stay in a non-ICU hospital room, but a new study finds intensive care is still the right option for some vulnerable patients after a severe heart attack.
A Perth child has died from the flu virus at Perth Children's Hospital.
FWP studying chronic wasting disease after Libby incident
The majority of the imported cases acquired infection in Southeast Asian countries
